flutter-app-demo/README.md, before:

# flutter-app

A desktop app built using flutter & rust.

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gliheng/flutter-rs/master/www/images/screenshot_mac.png)


- Runs on mac and linux, so far.
- Build distribution only works on mac.
- Windows will be supported.

# Install requirements

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)

- libglfw:
    - Install on Mac with: `brew install glfw`
    - Install on linux with `apt install libglfw3`
    
- [flutter sdk](https://flutter.io)

# Config flutter engine version
flutter-rs need to know your flutter engine version.
You can set this using either of the following methods.

- Set FLUTTER_ROOT environment variable to your flutter sdk path
- Set FLUTTER_ENGINE_VERSION environment variable to your engine version

# Develop
- To develop with hot-reloading, simple run:

    `./scripts/run.py`

- To show rust logs, add these environment variables:

    `RUST_LOG=flutter_engine=trace,flutter_app_demo=trace ./scripts/run.py`

- On windows powershell, set environment variables as:

    `$env:RUST_LOG="flutter_engine=trace,flutter_app_demo=trace"`

# Distribute
- To build distribution, use:
    `./scripts/build.py mac`
    `./scripts/build.py dmg`

**Note:**
Build scripts are written in python3. Install python depenendencies using `pip3 install -r scripts/requirements.txt`

---

## For users in China
Please ensure you have access to *storage.googleapis.com*. It is required to download lib_flutter. 

Set appropriate http proxy in the terminal by using:
```shell
export http_proxy=...
export https_proxy=...
```

Commit message:

Guess flutter version using flutter cli path

flutter-app-demo/README.md, after:

# flutter-app

A desktop app built using flutter & rust.

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gliheng/flutter-rs/master/www/images/screenshot_mac.png)


- Runs on mac and linux, so far.
- Build distribution only works on mac.
- Windows will be supported.

# Install requirements

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)

- libglfw:
    - Install on Mac with: `brew install glfw`
    - Install on linux with `apt install libglfw3`
    
- [flutter sdk](https://flutter.io)

# Config flutter engine version
flutter-rs need to know your flutter engine version.
You can set this using any of the following methods.
- If you have flutter cli in your PATH, you're set.
- Set FLUTTER_ROOT environment variable to your flutter sdk path
- Set FLUTTER_ENGINE_VERSION environment variable to your engine version

# Develop
- To develop with hot-reloading, simple run:

    `./scripts/run.py`

- To show rust logs, add these environment variables:

    `RUST_LOG=flutter_engine=trace,flutter_app_demo=trace ./scripts/run.py`

- On windows powershell, set environment variables as:

    `$env:RUST_LOG="flutter_engine=trace,flutter_app_demo=trace"`

# Distribute
- To build distribution, use:
    `./scripts/build.py mac`
    `./scripts/build.py dmg`

**Note:**
Build scripts are written in python3. Install python depenendencies using `pip3 install -r scripts/requirements.txt`

---

## For users in China
Please ensure you have access to *storage.googleapis.com*. It is required to download lib_flutter. 

Set appropriate http proxy in the terminal by using:
```shell
export http_proxy=...
export https_proxy=...
```
